                        Frosty
        _________________________________________
        Frosty is licensed under GNU GPL.
        Please be sure to read the final words section.
        Best viewed in notepad with word wrap off.

1 Introduction________________________________________________

Frosty is a piece of software that was invisioned from about
5 minutes of thought. I was simply curious if it was possible
to create a web application that could be used to spam people
using sms messaging. And thus Frosty was born.

2a Usage______________________________________________________

While I do officially condone the use of this software as a
spamming tool. I do realize that a large portion of those who
read this will be using it for that purpose. I ask that you
use common sense when using this software. That said here are
some quick hints for usage:

Legacy - This will use any email account that can be accessed
	using the SMTP server: smtp.gmail.com on the port 465
	this version will send an email to a "email-to-text"
	service provided by most cell phone carriers. Sadly,
	this means it will display your email not a phone
	number. Legacy's use is not recommended.

Frosty - This is a revised version of the Legacy Frosty which
	uses any google voice username and password that has
	been properly set up to send sms messages. Expansive
	testing has not been conducted however small scale
	tests have been performed. I only have 1 google voice
	after all.

USE THE - Since I don't know what is obvious about the software
TEST	and what needs explaining when in doubt use the test
BUTTON	button. It will display a text-ual output of what would
	have happened if you actually decided to spam someone. 

2b Setup/Requirements_________________________________________

When developing this software I used a standared LAMP setup
and used phpmyadmin for quick mysql editing.

WHAT YOU WILL NEED:
	-A google mail account AND/OR A google voice account
	-The ability to use SMTP connections for legacy support
		-Which probably means a local WAMP/MAMP/LAMP
		setup.
	-A PHP interpreter
	-A MySQL database, with a username and password that
		can edit the database.
HOW TO SETUP:
	-drop the filees in the smap2X folder into your server
	-load the index.php in your webbrowser.
	-input your information
	-Enjoy your Frosty!



3 Contact information_________________________________________

E-mail:	oddsam91+frosty@gmail.com
Web:    http://blog.gascomics.com

If you have confusion feel free to email me with questions,
comments, or suggestions.


4 Disclaimer__________________________________________________

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as 
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of 
the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be
useful,but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
License along with this program; if not, write to the Free
Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston,
MA  02111-1307  USA

See the GNU General Public License details in COPYING.

5 Final Words_________________________________________________

Yes I did copy from the DeSmuME readme. I did not ask. If you
wish me to create my own readme from scrath please contact me
with your complaint. This software is to be used at your own
risk. I distribute this software with the intent of showing
how easy it was to create a working sms spam messaging app. I
however do not wish anyone to use this to actually spam other
people with this software. However I do ask, if you do use
this as such a tool, that you have a good reason harrass the
reciever of your messages. Also as my final word, if you use
this software as a spamming device you most likely WILL be
violating every line of Google's Terms of Service. So please
use this at your own risk. I have warned you!


5 tl;dr_______________________________________________________

Be responsible for your own actions. And think before you use
this software.